Document the Hosting check command in the IRCBot (#4297)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/projects/infrastructure/ircbot.adoc

=== Hosting Requests

The IRC Bot provides hosting management commands which are used by the link:/project/teams/hosting/[Jenkins Hosting Team] to process the 
hosting requests for new Jenkins plugins, libraries and other components.

*Verify the plugin/library hosting request from Jira*

This command will launch the automatic hosting request checker.
It will verify the hosting ticket in Jira and check the links supplied in the `HOSTING` tickets.

> Then it will also verify the Maven pom.xml settings and existense of the expected files in the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then it will also verify the Maven pom.xml settings and existence of the expected files in the repository.
```

> Then it will also verify the Maven pom.xml settings and existence of the expected files in the repository.

Reviewer 2: it also does gradle as well, not sure if this should be too specific though... would prefer more generic, build system setup, naming conventions etc

Author: ```suggestion
Then it will also verify the Maven and Gradle settings and existence of the expected files in the repository.
```

Is it better @timja ?

Reviewer 2: sure
